Sit down, sit down, thank you.
General Manager Fang
I'm here today.
It's a big gift for you.
You must like this gift very much
Look forward to it.
Congratulations, Mr. Wang
Sit inside
Inside please
Let's raise a glass together tonight
Wish us An Tong, no
General Manager of Real Estate Rongsheng
Cheers.
OK
sit
Congratulations to Mr. Fang
Not only did the beard do well this time
Also became the general manager
Really impressive
Thank you all for coming to my promotion party this time
I can be the general manager
Thank you for your support.
And haha
Yes!
Our general manager is so capable
One set on the surface and one set behind the back.
Serious on the surface
In fact, private life is very chaotic
Especially when it comes to seducing men
Very capable
Very accurate.
Even our chairperson
He also fell under Mr. Fang's pomegranate skirt
Li Yu, what nonsense are you talking about?
Today is my promotion party
Don't talk nonsense in front of your colleagues, okay?
We talk nonsense.
What we say is the truth
An Tong, don't dare to do it
Do you have any evidence?
Believe it or not I sue you for slander
I knew you wouldn't admit it.
Of course I have proof